If you've never contributed to the interrupt list, now is the perfect
time to do so!  Jim Kyle and I are working on a book based on the
information in the interrupt list; everyone who has contributed by the
time the manuscript is frozen early in June will be credited in the
book.  Anything on 80x86 interrupt calls which isn't already listed is
of interest, and will be accepted in any format (though something
approaching the format used by the list is preferred).

If you have contributed in the past, please send any corrections to
your email address, so that we may properly credit you.  I will be
attempting to contact all contributors, but if your address has
changed, I will be unable to reach you unless your old address forwards
to your new one.

As an incentive to contribute, everyone listed as a major contributor
will receive a complimentary copy of the finished book.  So send your
contributions now!  In the case of duplicate submissions, only the
first received will (if appropriate) be counted as a major
contribution, while the others will be mentioned as "also
contributing"--that has always been my policy.  I will be contacting
major contributors in June to get mailing addresses for the
complimentary copies (but feel free to send me your address now).

The interrupt list itself will continue to be freely available, and
will not be crippled in any way.  We hope people will buy the book
because of the value it adds, not because of any extra information
unavailable in the free version.  In fact, all interrupt information
uncovered while working on the book will be available in the interrupt
list some time before the book reaches stores.

I will publicize details on the book once it starts shipping.  Doing so
now would be premature.
